CVS-59920 Camera client (#773)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/camera_example.md

# Processing frames from camera

## Horizontal text detection in real-time

> This demo presents client written in python to grab camera frames and send over gRPC in parallel to OVMS in binary format. Model Server responds with detected text image boxes. Client displays the boxes and original image frame using OpenCV in real-time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo presents a use case with a client written in python which captures camera frames and perform text spotting analysis via gRPC requests to OVMS. The client visualize the results as a boxes depicted on the original image frames using OpenCV in real-time.
The client can work efficiently also over slow internet connection with long latency thanks to image data compression and parallel execution for multiple frames.
```

The client can work efficiently also over slow internet connection with long latency thanks to image data compression and parallel execution for multiple frames.

![horizontal text detection](horizontal-text-detection.gif)

### Download model from OpenVINO Model Zoo

```bash
curl -L --create-dir https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/repositories/open_model_zoo/2021.4/models_bin/3/horizontal-text-detection-0001/FP32/horizontal-text-detection-0001.bin -o horizontal-text-detection/1/model.bin
```

```bash
curl -L --create-dir https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/repositories/open_model_zoo/2021.4/models_bin/3/horizontal-text-detection-0001/FP32/horizontal-text-detection-0001.xml -o horizontal-text-detection/1/model.xml
```

```bash
tree horizontal-text-detection/
horizontal-text-detection
└── 1
    ├── model.bin
    └── model.xml
```

### Start the OVMS container:
```bash
docker run -d -u $(id -u):$(id -g) -v $(pwd)/horizontal-text-detection:/model -p 9001:9001 openvino/model_server:latest \

> --model_path /model --model_name horizontal-text-detection --port 9001

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--model_path /model --model_name horizontal-text-detection --port 9001 --layout NHWC
```

# Processing frames from camera

## Horizontal text detection in real-time
This demo presents client written in python to grab camera frames and send over gRPC in parallel to OVMS in binary format. Model Server responds with detected text image boxes. Client displays the boxes and original image frame using OpenCV in real-time.

![horizontal text detection](horizontal-text-detection.gif)

### Download model from OpenVINO Model Zoo

```bash

> curl -L --create-dir https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/repositories/open_model_zoo/2021.4/models_bin/3/horizontal-text-detection-0001/FP32/horizontal-text-detection-0001.bin -o horizontal-text-detection/1/model.bin

Reviewer: it could be one command to downloand both files

```

```bash
curl -L --create-dir https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/repositories/open_model_zoo/2021.4/models_bin/3/horizontal-text-detection-0001/FP32/horizontal-text-detection-0001.xml -o horizontal-text-detection/1/model.xml
```

```bash
tree horizontal-text-detection/
horizontal-text-detection
└── 1
    ├── model.bin
    └── model.xml
```

### Start the OVMS container:
```bash

> docker run -d -u $(id -u):$(id -g) -v $(pwd)/horizontal-text-detection:/model -p 9001:9001 openvino/model_server:latest \

Reviewer: --layout NHWC is missing
